FileAccelerator
CodePoet1
Created 25/12/13

The purpose of this project is to create a program to send large media files
(2GB) over a UDP/IP network.  Tests have shown that when using FTP methods,
the speed of transfer can be painfully slow due to the fact that FTP uses
TCP and therefore for line speeds in excess of 400Mb/s we tend to be limited
by the protocol speed, and significantly increasing the line speed has little 
affect (assuming only one host is sending data on the line at a time).

Also it is a training aid to teach me how UDP/Ip networks work and how to program
for them on a Linux/GNU server.

I propose to use UDP/IP.  Assumptions;
       1. link is over Ethernet
       2. link is point to point therefore has very low packet loss
       3. Tx and Rx servers are VM's (therefore cannot access low level etherenet
          signalling information such as collision detect etc)
       4. Using Wireshark Network and Protocol Analyser V1.2.7
       5. Using Ubuntu-10
       6. gcc version 4.4.3


Method is as follows;

       1.  Generate a CRC for the entire media file (used at Rx end for assembly)
       2.  Fragment the media file into UDP packets
       3.  Count the number of UDP packets and notify Rx of how many packets to expect
       4.  Each UDP packet will have a time stamp and sequential packet number and CRC
       5.  Send all UDP packets as qickly as possible to Rx (assume some loss)
       6.  Rx server counts number of complete verified UDP packets and requests resend 
           of missing packets from Tx
       7.  Tx resends missing packets
       8.  6 & 7 are continued until all packets are sent
       9.  Rx assembles all UDP's into a file and verifies CRC
       10. If CRC is correct then Rx sends message to Tx advising file reception ok
       11. If CRC is incorrect Rx sends message to Tx advising file is in error and abort

Files;
	The following are based on "Understanding Unix/Linux Programming - A Guide to
	Theory and Practice by Bruce Molay" and are for reference only, they should not be
	copied and are not for free distribution.  It's a very good book and I thoroughly
	recommend it.

	dgsend.c - basis of a Tx/UDP engine
	dgrecv.c - basis of Rx.UDP engine
	dgram.c  - library files for dgsend.c and dgrecv.c

	
	The following are released under GPL
	
	makefile - various make and clean commands for this project